changelog for logger (#7792)
withastro/astro: .changeset/twelve-baboons-obey.md

---
'astro': minor
---

> Astro integrations now accept a logger. The logger is available to all hooks as 
> an additional parameter:

Reviewer: Quick review, but commented on #7791 that it might be preferable to include `logger` in the first argument if we can.

```suggestion
Integrations can now log messages using Astro’s built-in logger.
The logger is available to all hooks as an additional parameter:
```
